Add a table in the binning documentation describing config options (#5450)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/picongpu: docs/source/usage/plugins/binningPlugin.rst

	- Choose which species are used for particle binning
	- Choose which fields are used for field binning
	- Choose how frequently they want the binning to be executed

> 	- Choose how many times the binned quantity should be combined over time before dumping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Choose how many times the binned quantity should be recorded before dumping
```

Author: Concise. I like it.
